# cadpage-android
Cadpage has two different products, covered by two different licenses.

Primarily, and originally, Cadpage is an Android app intended to be used by
firefighters and other members of emergancy response organnizations.  The app
looks for text messages sent from a central FIRE/EMS Dispatch service, 
presents user with the information giving them an option to locate the 
incident on a map and get directions to it.

What keeps this from being a trivial excercise is the complete lack of 
standarization of dispatch alert formats.  They are usually generated by 
comercial CAD (Computer Aided Dispatch) systems run by the dispatch centers.
Every CAD vender has their own unique dispatch page format that has to be
parsed.  As of this writing, Cadpage supports something over 1200 different
paging formats, with more being added every week.

Which brings us to the second product.  The code that parses these page formats
can be distributed as a stand alone Cadpage Parsing Library.  This can be very useful
for organizations providing a secondary dispatch alerting service.  These
organizations contract with different emergency response organizations to
provide alert services.  They receive one SMTP dispatch alert from the dispatch
center and distribute it as  text message, email, or other notification to
those authorized to receive it.  Using the Cadpage Parsing Library allows these
services to collect and reporting meaningful details from what would otherwise
be undecipherable text.
